hey hey are you ready for a riddle
marathon it's easy you don't even need
to run you'll have seven seconds to
solve each of them feel free to pause
the video if you need more time let's
count them down 48 when you have one you
want to share it when you share it you
can never have it back what is it a
[Music]
secret 47 a guy was 15 in 1980 in 1985
he was 10 how is that possible it
happened BCE 46 I come from a mine I
spend my life surrounded by wood you've
used me at least once in your life what
am I
[Music]
a pencil
45 you can see it in the middle of March
and April but never at the beginning or
end of these months it's the letter R 44
what can go up and down without moving
[Music]
the temperature 43 when you don't know
it it's something when you know what it
is it's nothing to you what is it it's a
riddle a 42 there is a king a queen and
two twins in a room
none of them are either adults or kids
how is it possible
[Music]
well that must be one large room because
they are all beds 41 the more of them
you take the more you leave behind
what are they footsteps
forty it was invented centuries ago and
is still used today a less people see
through walls what is it it's a window
39 the doctor gave grandma Annie three
pills and told her to take one pill
every 30 minutes when will she run out
of pills in just one hour 38 Sally
bought a rabbit it can breed once a
month and give birth to six rabbits at a
time how many pets will Sally have in a
year still won a single rabbit can't
breed 37 a guy was chillin in a cabin in
Nebraska he made just 10 steps three
hours later he went out and found
himself in New York how can it be
[Music]
that guy was a pilot who was first
chillin in an aircraft cabin then moved
to the cockpit and took off 36 you have
just 7 seconds to rearrange the letters
oh oh you s w TD n e RJ so then it's
just one word what is it
[Music]
it's just one word of course 35 two boys
were born at the same hour of the same
day of the same month they had the same
parents but they are not twins
how can it be well I didn't say they
were born in the same year 34 a man in a
booth said I'll write your exact weight
on a piece of paper without even looking
at you if he was wrong he'd pay the
person $100 if he was right they'd pay
him $100 10 people took the bet and the
man always won
how was it possible the man just wrote
quote your exact weight end quote and
handed the paper to everyone 33 there
are a 100 sheets of paper on the table
your task is to separate 80 sheets from
the pile you can only count off 10
sheets in 10 seconds how much time will
you need to count off 80 sheets you'll
just need 20 seconds to count off 20
sheets then you'll have 80 sheets left
in the pile
32 I can put a usual pencil in a room in
such a way that no one can step over or
jump over it how can I do it
[Music]
just put it right next to the wall 31 if
you drop a ring and coffee can you take
it out with your hands dry and without
any extra tools you can't drink the
coffee
[Music]
yes you can as long as you drop the ring
in coffee beans before they're made into
a drink 30 what gets wet because of
drying
[Music]
a towel
29 how can you make the number 666 one
and a half times bigger without using
any math at all you just have to write
it on a piece of paper and turn it
upside down 28 I can only live when
there is light but when light shines on
me I disappear what am i a shadow 27 you
tell me what to do before going to bed
in the morning I do what I'm told
still you aren't happy about me what am
I an alarm clock all right that was just
a warm-up moving on to the next level 26
a bus driver was going down a busy
street in Berlin he turned right at no
right turn side moved in the opposite
direction on a one-way street he didn't
even stop at the stop sign
the police armed but said nothing why
did they let him go
[Music]
he wasn't driving this time he was just
a pedestrian 25 a chemistry major fell
in love at first sight with a girl he
just met in class he asked her what her
name was
she wrote 13:53
58 on a piece of paper can you tell her
name from this sequence well they're
both chemistry majors the numbers are
from the periodic table of elements and
they correspond to al I see e so the
girl's name is Alice 24 John and Liz are
in love they live on the opposite sides
of a deep and wide River once John
crossed the river without getting wet
and with no bridge or boat how did he
manage to do that
it must have been love also the river
was frozen 23 mom has to give each of
her three children a pill they refused
to take it so she offers them to choose
between the pill and a delicious vitamin
they all picked the vitamin and take it
with water mom is still happy because
they all took the pill how is it
possible the pill was already dissolved
in water so everyone took it anyway 22 a
witch put Prince Charming into a little
cell with a floor made of dirt and one
window that window is so high Prince
can't reach it there is a shovel but it
would take him weeks to dig a tunnel
Prince can't survive that long without
food or water what should he do he can
use the shovel to build a pile of dirt
under the window then he can climb on it
and escape 21 the tailors are a big
family that live in a beautiful circular
house on Sunday mrs. Taylor saw cherry
jam stains on the new carpet she wanted
to know who did it Sally said she was
doing homework Tom said he was playing
outside Nancy said she was dusting the
corners of the house mr. Taylor said he
was chopping wood for the fireplace
can you guess who spilled the jam
it was Nancy you can't dust corners of a
circular house 20 Nick Robert and Peter
and their wives
Natalie Jessica and Anna all together
are 151 years old each of the men is
five years older than his wife Nick is
one year older than Jessica if you sum
up Natalie and Nick's age they'll be 48
and Peter and Natalie are 52 who is
married to whom and how old are they
[Music]
Nick is 26 and married to Anna who is 21
Robert is married to Natalie
they are 27 and 22 Peter is 30 and
married to Jessica who is 25 19 there is
a vase in the rhythm one half of it is
in the air and the other half is on the
table it will fall in half an hour
what's inside and why will it fall
[Music]
it's filled with ice once it melts the
vase will fall 18:1 morning Tim noticed
one of his tires was flat there was a
snowstorm outside he got in the car
anyway
drove three hours one way to see his
friend and then on his way back he
stopped by the mall to get something he
didn't do anything about the tire but
still got back safe and sound how was it
possible his spare tire was flat 17 Matt
and Sophie had been married for five
years
Matt loved Sophie but never let her
enter one secret room in the house he
left for a business trip and didn't take
the key with him
Sophie couldn't resist and went inside
the secret room she found a photo album
there she opened it then she heard Matt
come back earlier than planned she
switched off the light ran outside and
put the key back where Matt had left it
he checked the room and then asked
Sophie why did you go there
how did he guess she had been in the
secret room Matt touched the light bulb
that was still warm well don't they have
some trust issues 16 the richest man in
town was a coin collector one day a boy
came to him with a really old coin for
sale it was made in the Roman Empire and
the date on it was 115 BCE the boy
didn't ask that much for the coin but
the rich man refused to buy the coin and
told him never to come back again why
didn't he want that coin
the rich man knew it was a fake people
who lived BCE didn't know there would be
another era so they wouldn't have put
that date on a coin 15 there is a small
town in the kingdom of Neverland by
Kings law no man in the kingdom is
allowed to shave themselves the only
barber in the kingdom also lives there
how does the only barber get a shave the
only barber in Neverland is a woman so
that's not a problem 14 I can drop a raw
egg to a concrete floor two feet and it
won't break I won't use any tools to
protect it what is my secret
I'll just drop it from higher than two
feet it will sure fly the first two feet
without breaking the landing however
will be different 13 Tim and Sara have a
large family
there's Dominique marina Milana fawn
Sophie and Laura what will they name
their next daughter Heather Mary Tilly
or Katie the parents must be huge fans
of music they're following the doremi
facility scale also called solfege or
Solfeggio so it's going to be Tilly 12 a
journalist asked mrs. Smith to describe
her daughters she said they are all
blondes but to all brunettes but two and
all redheads but two how many daughters
did she have
[Music]
just three one of them was blonde
another one was a brunette and one had
red hair 11 you are a taxi driver you
had 15 passengers during your five hour
shift for them were traveling as a group
there was also one old couple and a
little dog three passengers were mad
because the ride was taking too long the
question is what color are the drivers
eyes now the riddle starts with you are
a taxi driver so whatever color your
eyes are is the answer
10 a hot air ballon is moving with a
strong and steady wind current in a
northerly direction what direction will
the flags on its basket wave
[Music]
the hot-air balloon is going with the
airflow so the flags will stay still 9
what makes the number 8 five four nine
one seven six three two so special it's
made up of numbers from one to nine in
alphabetical order eight a businessman
was getting ready to get into his
helicopter and fly to a meeting suddenly
his security guard ran into his room and
told him not to go he explained he had
just had a nightmare where the trip
didn't end well the businessman fired
the guard why did he do that
our security guard isn't supposed to
sleep while on duty 7 the price for two
is three dollars 47 cost six dollars
you'll have to pay nine dollars for 512
what are you buying and how much is one
[Music]
they are house numbers and one cost
three dollars six picture this you're
sailing in the ocean the wind is strong
and suddenly your boat flips over there
are sharks in the water and they
surround you you have two matches and a
balloon what should you do to save
yourself
just stop picturing that it's not real
five a man was looking at a portrait
when someone asked him who was in the
portrait he said I was the only child
but I can tell you the father of the man
in the portrait is my father's son so
who was in the portrait
it was the son of that man for there was
a party everyone wanted to go to but you
had to know the password to get in a guy
decided to wait by the door and listen a
couple came by the doorman said twelve
they answered sex and he let them in ten
minutes later a girl came the doorman
said six to her and she answered three
the guy who wanted to sneak in got the
logic and walked up to the doorman he
said ten the guy answered five and was
told to go home what was the right
answer he should have said three the
task was not to divide by two but to
tell the number of letters in whatever
number the doorman said three a couple
went for a climbing trip the husband
came back alone and said that his wife
got lost in the mountains luckily the
rescue crew found her but she couldn't
speak and tell them what really happened
the travel agent called the police and
told them the husband left his wife in
the mountains on purpose how did he know
that
[Music]
the man booked a return ticket for
himself but a one-way ticket for his
wife so he knew she wouldn't be going
back with him too
a woman was staying in a single room at
a hotel floor where all other rooms were
single as well suddenly someone knocked
on her door she opened it and saw a man
he said he was sorry as he thought it
was his room the woman didn't believe
him and call security it turned out he
was a criminal how did the woman guess
she shouldn't trust the man why would
someone knock on the door to his own
single room the man wanted to make sure
no one was in there to do his sneaky
business one the king of Neverland
wasn't feeling well he had no sons or
other relatives to pass all the wealth
and state affairs to them so he decided
to pick the most deserving person in the
kingdom he gave a seed to everyone who
wanted to win the throne he said whoever
grew the most beautiful plant would win
100 days later people came with the most
fantastic looking plants only one girl
was holding a pot of dirt the King said
she would be his successor why did he
pick her
[Music]
he wanted to find the most honest person
in the kingdom he gave everyone pebbles
and so those who came back with plants
were liars
the girl was the only one who didn't
switch the pebble to a seed
[Music]